# Usage
## vitepress-issues-page
Build static websites using GitHub issues, GitHub Actions, and Vitepress without writing any code or making Git commits and pushes.  

## Usage 1
A repository can only be forked once.

1. Fork [this repository](https://github.com/luoway/vitepress-issues-page).
2. Enable Actions feature in the repository's Actions page.
3. Enable Issues feature in the repository's Settings - General - Features section.
4. In the repository's Settings - Pages - Build and deployment section, configure Source to Github Actions.
5. Create a new label in Issues - Labels section, named `deploy`.
6. After creating an issue and labeling it with `deploy`, wait for about 3 minutes to see the github-pages link on the homepage.

## Usage 2
This method can be used multiple times, but requires shell operations to initialize the repository.

1. Create a new repository, for example `luoway/new-repo`, and pull it to your local machine.
2. Execute the following shell operation:
    ```shell
    # dir: new-repo/
    git clone https://github.com/luoway/vitepress-issues-page.git
    mv ./vitepress-issues-page/.* ./vitepress-issues-page/* .
    rm -rf ./vitepress-issues-page
    git add -A
    git commit -m "init"
    git push
    ```
3. In the repository's Settings - Pages - Build and deployment section, configure Source to Github Actions.
4. Create a new label in Issues - Labels section, named `deploy`.
5. After creating an issue and labeling it with `deploy`, wait for about 3 minutes to see the github-pages link on the homepage.

## Page Configuration

Refer to the following file paths and manually modify them to correspond to your own repository files.

- [Top title](https://github.com/luoway/vitepress-issues-page/blob/main/docs/.vitepress/config.js#L7)
- [Homepage content](https://github.com/luoway/vitepress-issues-page/blob/main/docs/index.md)
- [Sidebar grouping](https://github.com/luoway/vitepress-issues-page/blob/main/.labelrc) Configuration rules: one label per line, multiple labels display as multiple sidebar groups.